You add a basic app bar by applying a theme that contains one.                         								                                                                     
The Android Support Libraries provide backward compatibility with older versions of Android.                                                                                             
The AppCompatActivity class is a type of activity that resides in the v7 AppCompat Support Library. In general, your activity needs to extend the AppCompatActivity class whenever you want an app bar that provides backward compatibility with older versions of Android.                                                                                                     
The android:theme attribute in AndroidManifest.xml specifies which theme to apply.                                                                                                       
You define styles in a style resource file using the <style> element. The name attribute gives the style a name. The parent attribute specifies where the style should inherit its properties from.                                                                                                                                                                         
The latest app bar features are in the Toolbar class in the v7 AppCompat Support Library. You can use a toolbar as your app bar.                                                         
Add actions to your app bar by adding them to a menu resource file.                                                                                                                      
Add the items in the menu resource file to the app bar by implementing the activity’s onCreateOptionsMenu() method.                                                                      
You determine what items should do when clicked by implementing the activity’s onOptionsItemSelected() method.                                                                           
Add an Up button to your app bar to navigate up the app’s hierarchy. Specify the hierarchy in AndroidManifest.xml. Use the ActionBar setDisplayHomeAsUpEnabled() method to enable the Up button.                                                                                                                                                                               
You can share content by adding the share action provider to your app bar. Add it by including it in your menu resource file. Call its setShareIntent() method to pass it an intent describing the content you wish to share.